**Limited License Agreement:**

**Evaluation of our Deviant source code via** 

**GitHub repository at github.com**

**WITH AN AUTOMATIC ACCEPTANCE OF OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS**

The products or services that Ben Kelley (“Ben Kelley” or Sadistic Algorithms, LLC, a California Limited Liability Company, dba, Sadistic Audio, ALL, HEREINAFTER, referred to as “Sadistic”) the registered owner of the sadisticaudio.com software products, source code, Deviant source code and its web domain provides to you are subject to our comprehensive Terms and Conditions of Use (our “T&C’s”). By evaluating our Deviant source code, made available by download from the ‘GitHub’ source code repository at github.com, you automatically agree to our T&C’s. Sadistic reserves the right to update the T&C’s at any time; without advance notice to you. The most current version of our comprehensive T&C’s can be reviewed by clicking on the “Terms and Conditions of Use” hypertext link located on our website at www.sadisticaudio.com. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to Sadistic. All of our software products and our source code are provided to our END USERS strictly on an “AS IS” basis without warranty of any kind, except as expressly set out herein. If any provision of our T&C’s is to be held invalid or unenforceable by any competent court, authority, arbitral tribunal or alternative dispute resolution board, the remainder of that provision and all other provisions will remain valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. We offer Deviant source code on github.com free, “as is” or “as available” without any express or implied warranty or condition of any kind. With regard to any warranty of Plug-ins, the provisions of our T&C’s shall apply. Sadistic retains the right to assign any part of its rights and obligations under the agreement between us and you without your prior consent.

YOU, WHETHER AN INDIVIDUAL OR CORPORATION, MAY NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE any of our source code IF: (A) SUCH USE WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY ANY STATUTE, LAW, REGULATION OR GENERALLY-ACCEPTED PRACTICE OR GUIDELINE IN ANY APPLICABLE JURISDICTION OR (B) YOU ARE OTHERWISE UNABLE TO ENTER INTO THIS LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT WITH sadistic algorithms, LLC. (‘Sadistic”). ASSUMING NEITHER (A) NOR (B) APPLY, YOU MAY evaluate our Deviant source code AS SET FORTH HEREIN. AN INDIVDUAL SHALL BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THE SAME MANNER AS IF YOU HAD SIGNED A WRITTEN AGREEMENT WITH Sadistic. YOU MAY ALSO NOTIFY US IN IN WRITING THAT YOU SEEK such AUTHORITY to evaluate our Deviant source code ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY, IN WHICH CASE, THAT ENTITY IS HEREBY AUTOMATICALLY BOUND BY OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IN SUCH EVENT, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND THE DESIGNATED ENTITY. SUBJECT TO THE FOREGOING, and that YOU or, ALTERNATIVELY, THE ENTITY USER AND Sadistic HEREBY AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

**LICENSE**

Sadistic software products and/or the evaluation of its Deviant source code on github.com is made available to the END USER by a revocable license, and never sold. After downloading source code from the GitHub repository, the END USER will be granted the right to privately evaluate and build our source code. These conditions vary per the actual license you acquired. Sadistic distinguishes between several types of licensed END USERS, and Deviant source code is available to: 

- An Individual and Entity Licensee, granting access to evaluate and/or build the Deviant source code on one Device. Usage of the Personal license by someone else but the designated licensee is an infringement of our rights. 

The license will exclude any future new major revisions of our products. To allow yourself access to such new major version of our source code, a new license to such major revision may be required. Our licenses give the END USER the right to install and use our source code on an “as-is” basis under the terms and conditions set out herein. Any rights not explicitly granted to the END USER remain with Sadistic; and, notwithstanding anything herein, you are not granted any right to alter our source code or any of the files distributed via github.com to you under your license. 

**NON-COMMERCIAL USE LIMITATION**

Unless otherwise specified in writing, the product is for the END USER’s personal non-commercial use; i.e., you may not modify, license, re-license, create derivative works from, or sell or re-sell or otherwise distribute any information, source code, Deviant source code, software, products or services obtained from our Services or our Website. Any product that is made available to download is the copyrighted work of Ben Kelley and/or Sadistic. Any use of our Deviant source code is governed by the terms herein. By downloading our source code, the END USER automatically agrees to the License terms. Any reproduction or redistribution of our source code not in accordance with the License or our T&C’s is expressly prohibited. You as an END USER may neither transfer, sell, distribute, lend, rent, lease nor in other way, directly or indirectly, dispose of our Deviant or other source code or any software product or any derivative work of the product (including its accompanying information), except and only to the extent that such dispositions are explicitly allowed herein. 

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION OF THE SOURCE CODE TO ANY OTHER SERVER OR LOCATION FOR FURTHER REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED. EXCEPT AS WARRANTED IN THE LICENSE AGREEMENT, BEN KELLEY AND/OR SADISTIC HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO ANY SOURCE CODE, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

**LIMITATION OF LIABILITY & LIMITED SOFTWARE WARRANTY**

YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD US AND OUR STAFF, PARTNERS, ATTORNEYS AND AFFILIATES HARMLESS FROM ANY LIABILITY, LOSS, CLAIM AND EXPENSE (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEY’S FEES) RELATED TO YOUR VIOLATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, USE OF OUR WEBSITE or EVALUATION OF OUR SOURCE CODE. NEITHER BEN KELLEY NOR SADISTIC OR OUR LICENSORS, IF ANY, SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ATTORNEYS' FEES) IN ANY WAY RELATED TO our software, source code or our WEBSITE. TO THE EXTENT THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS PROHIBITED OR FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, THE SOLE OBLIGATION TO our END USERS OF BEN KELLEY AND/OR SADISTIC, AND/OR ITS LICENSORS FOR DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE OR NATURE SHALL BE LIMITED TO $10.00.

ALL EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF COMPATIBILITY WITH YOUR OPERATING SYSTEM, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED. SADISTIC DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE PRODUCT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE PRODUCT WILL BE UN-INTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE PRODUCT WILL BE CORRECTED. FURTHERMORE, SADISTIC DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE PRODUCT OR RELATED DOCUMENTATIONS IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. NOR ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY SADISTIC OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OR IN ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF THIS WARRANTY. PLEASE REFER TO STATE LAW AS THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
